append_row              append_row
can_be_num              can_be_num
change_date             change_date
closest_date            closest_date
cost_and_taxes          cost_and_taxes
data_gen                data_gen
data_meshup             data_meshup
date_sort               date_sort
days_from_month         days_from_month
df_tuned                df_tuned
diff_xlsx               diff_xlsx
extrm_dates             extrm_dates
file_rec                file_rec
file_rec2               file_rec2
fillr                   fillr
format_date             format_date
geo_min                 geo_min
get_rec                 get_rec
globe                   globe
groupr_df               groupr_df
insert_df               insert_df
letter_to_nb            letter_to_nb
list_files              list_files
match_n                 match_n
match_n2                match_n2
multitud                multitud
nb_to_letter            nb_to_letter
nestr_df1               nestr_df1
nestr_df2               nestr_df2
pattern_generator       pattern_generator
pattern_gettr           pattern_gettr
pattern_tuning          pattern_tuning
ptrn_switchr            ptrn_switchr
ptrn_twkr               ptrn_twkr
see_df                  see_df
see_file                see_file
see_idx                 see_idx
see_inside              see_inside
unique_pos              unique_pos
until_stnl              until_stnl
v_to_df                 v_to_df
val_replacer            val_replacer
vec_in_df               vec_in_df
vlookup_df              vlookup_df
